Do you want me to help you?
Help a friend. Otherwise, you will see it when you wake up.
Even if you see it. It's okay with you.
It doesn't matter. I'm not here to hear you say it's okay.
This is how you do this.
Until you don't believe it. But sometimes it's despicable.
problematic. It’s not that I don’t believe it.
It's not necessary. Why is it not necessary?
He has given up. Regardless of life or death.
He won't even come back. Why did you get up so early?
Long, one-day breakfast.
This is not Huang Ji Zao. No. 1 Middle School is so far away.
Something happened in the early morning. I drove to Radar and took the subway.
Thank you, Lee. How many days in the morning?
So it’s just a dream or something else.